Getting Started
==================
Cococs2d-x / Mac / Eclipse / Android
-------------
1   Dependency Check

	1.1 Make sure you have JDK installed. You can input the "java -version" in your terminal to check

	1.2 Make sure you have Ant installed (it's better to use the version higher than 1.8.0). You can input the "ant -version" in your terminal to check

2   Setting up Eclipse (IDE)

	2.1 Download & Install Eclipse Helio Java EE

	2.2 Check for updates, this is important. You can check by going to Help -> Check for Upddates.

	2.3 Restart Eclipse

3   Setup ADT plugin for Eclipse (Android development plugin, allows SDK manager etc.)

	3.1 Navigate to Help -> Install new Software

	3.2 paste "https://dl-ssl.google.com/android/eclipse/" in the 'work with' field. Hint: If it doesn't work, use non-secured protocol (http://)

	3.3 Make your way through the motions, accept terms, download components. Make sure it's successful. 

	3.4 Restart Eclipse

	HINT: If you get nasty errors while trying to install ADT, make sure you have completed step 2.2

4   Setup Android-SDK in Eclipse

	4.1 Navigate to Window -> Android-SDK Manager

	4.2 Make sure you are using Android SDK 2.1 (7)/2.2 (8)

	4.3 Ensure ProjectRoot/HelloWorld/android/default.properties has: "target=android-8" in it (sets the build target for the app) (8 for 2.2, 7 for 2.1)

5   Android NDK Installation & Running Cocos2d-x in Eclipse

	5.1 Download Android-NDK 6 or 7. Remember where you save it.

	5.2 Rename HelloWorld/android/build_native.sh.sample to HelloWorld/android/build_native.sh

	5.3 Open HelloWorld/android/build_native.sh in your favorite editor and change the top two variables (NDK_ROOT_LOCAL, COCOS2DX_ROOT_LOCAL) to point to your downloaded Android-NDK directory as well as Cocos2d-x directory (project root)

	5.4 In terminal, cd to your ProjectRoot/HelloWorld/android/ folder and run your build_native.sh script (in terminal: './build_native.sh'). This will compile native libraries and cc2x dependencies.

	5.5 Opening, compiling and running the project in Eclipse

		5.5.1 Open our HelloWorld project by navigating to to File -> New -> Other -> Android -> Android Project. Click Next.

		5.5.2 Check "Create project from existing source" and browse to ProjectRoot/HelloWorld/android, select this folder. Next.

		5.5.3 Set up an Android Emulator by navigating to Window -> AVD Manager, and make sure the Android SDK version you are using matches the emulator

		5.5.4 Run it!

		HINT: If your project has a bunch of errors related to @Override, and other java related errors (~17 of them), navigate to Project Properties -> Java Compiler and change compliance from 1.5 to 1.6. 

		HINT: If you get a black screen in simulator with SDK 2.1, switch to Android SDK 2.2 for now.